In the next six films,
There will be a player,
game designer,
Mathematician,
And one magician
They will kill in a series of skillful and rational games.
In the end, there is only one winner.
Welcome to the war
The commentary is my Tom Scott and
Game designer David Bodycombe
Hello everyone!
Today we are going to play "guess attack and defense"
Play by player Emma Blackery
Magician Steven Bridges
Why am I nervous? This is just a guessing fist!
The first step is to guess the fist, if you win
You can hit your opponent's head with a dice
Of course, before he picked up the helmet defense
We played a total of seven, and the first seven people won this game.
In theory, we all think that the stone will win.
So if you think so, you should have to lay out
Steven: Damn! Emma: Cool!
Steven: 噢Emma: The power of video! All right
Can we look at the replay? Because that's really...
This also shows that height is not necessarily dominant in this game.
Oh my God, it took me a long time to react. I actually came out with stones.
I really like the action I just picked up the scorpion, like this...
I am worried that I will grab the helmet and give her a go.
I think this is very likely to happen.
Steven: I am really disappointed with myself.
I really feel that it was a very good opening.
That is what you won.
I started to be a little scared.
Ready?
YES! And it will call yeah! Transfer
Emma: This is harder! Steven: Not easy!
When you were about to knock on me, I was still thinking about it.
Is it necessary to pick up the helmet to defend?
It is worth mentioning that it is very important to take the props.
If you take the wrong item, you will lose one point.
Do not!
You are becoming more and more skilled
And we also deliberately make the helmet design more difficult to take
Otherwise, we will spend a whole day here!
That's right, but we have tried it, defense has a chance to succeed.
God, I seem to be a little too serious. I think...well, continue
You are fully in the state! I am doomed. He has entered the state!
No, it’s not like this. For me, you grabbed the first incense, then...
I am trying to pull back the disadvantage
You are ahead! You are already ahead
Oh alright
The helmet can't be won at all!
This is too difficult to take!
Guessing boxing determines everything
This is too much!
You only have to guess the fists are more powerful.
One minute on the stage, ten years of work
I have already encountered it.
So, do you want to be closer?
no! Speaking like I will lose the same
As I mentioned before, Steven already has it in his head.
His own set of guessing theory system
He is a magician, he observes humans...
He understands people's minds and will also become magic
He should be the one who knows the human mind best.
Emma: Ah! Steven: You reach over and stop again!
I am confused by you!
I was wondering if it was a stone? Wait a minute! Then I was knocked
The most exciting thing about this game is to doubt whether it is an attacker or a defender.
When you find that you have the wrong props, you will hold on
Then you lose your points.
That's right! Just like that, that's it.
He hasn't brought it yet, beat him!
No, that’s not a problem.
Steven: It's too classic Emma: I am joking.
Because we reached out at the same time, we stopped
Fortunately, I will pick it up quickly.
I just want to say that I am out of the stone, you are out of the scissors.
Emma: It should be that I knocked you right! Steven: Oh, my God.
"Knocking" is actually the official language.
That's right, but it’s all gone.
Hey, I should have to pinch a few more, it’s super-feeling, that’s a sense of satisfaction.
Don't say as if you will win the same
I just won.
I feel that my head seems to have no way to deal with this situation, then...
That’s really terrible, you’re just guessing and guessing, you’ve lost.
It’s just a game of luck.
You just lost more than I have.
Guessing a fist is not a game of luck.
Tom: Especially when your opponent is a magician, David: That's right.
You still have the opportunity to recover, you have to win seven to win.
Even if you are six points behind, there is still a chance to reverse the victory.
Emma: Yes, Steven: The famous saying.
Encourage, I need encouragement. Ready?
Ah, almost. Can we look at it... (replay)?
No problem, wait for this, yes.
I use a helmet to knock myself!
I just told you that the problem will be the helmet.
That is also possible to be born on me at any time.
Ah, we came to the deciding game.
Steven: Really? Emma: Yes, you are 6 to 1 to me.
Tension, excitement, come on
Ah, she took the wrong props!
She took the wrong props!
Emma: The old lady is not playing (turning the table Steven: Oh, my God.
Actually! I actually lost my habit!
Steven will go straight to the next round.
Emma is not yet eliminated.
Yes, she still has the chance to win, but she must...
If she wants to win, then she will win every game.
The next game is Hannah vs. Katie. What games do they want to play?
Is a game about "Digital, Dexterity, Dice"
Are you very angry that I told you to read that line? (Because Dexterity is not good)
Nonsense, that’s still used
Translation: Andy Lin